Setting up nix added (#51)
test-editor/xtext-dropwizard: README.md

Provides testing utilities allowing for unit and integration tests of dsls.

# Setup development

Make sure to have a working [nix](https://nixos.org/nix/) installation. Please ensure that the `nixpkgs-unstable` channel is available. It
can be added with `nix-channel --add https://nixos.org/channels/nixpkgs-unstable`.

To enter the development environment, execute `NIXPKGS_ALLOW_UNFREE=1 nix-shell` in this repos root directory. For even more convenience,
please install [direnv](https://github.com/direnv/direnv) which will enter the development environment automatically for you.

> Once within the development environment, run `./gradlew test` to resolve all necessary dependencies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once within the development environment, run `./gradlew build` to resolve all necessary dependencies and run all tests.
```
